Updating obfuscation info (#8214)
flutter/website: src/deployment/obfuscate.md

<?code-excerpt path-base="deployment/obfuscate"?>

## What is code obfuscation?

[Code obfuscation][] is the process of modifying an
app's binary to make it harder for humans to understand.
Obfuscation hides function and class names in your
compiled Dart code, replacing each symbol with
another symbol, making it difficult for an attacker
to reverse engineer your proprietary app.

**Flutter's code obfuscation works
only on a [release build][].**

[Code obfuscation]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obfuscation_(software)
[release build]: {{site.url}}/testing/build-modes#release

## Limitations

> Note that obfuscating your code does _not_
> encrypt resources nor does it make your
> app impervious to reverse engineering.

Reviewer: Folks that are new to English may not know "impervious", consider:

```suggestion
Note that obfuscating your code does _not_
encrypt resources nor does it protect against
reverse engineering.
```
